(electro music)
Hey guys, welcome back to Deep Learning A to Z
This is Kirill and today,
we're going on a walk through Africa.
Now right away, I wanna show you something cool.
On my right, you can see a blue box.
And on my left, you can see like
a seating area where people sit.
So my question to you is, what do you think that is?
Have a random guess.
Now if you guess that, that is the village TV
and that is where people sit to watch soccer matches
and movies and TV shows, then you guessed right.
Howw cool is that?
When there is a soccer match on, they all get together.
Of course, that is a great solution for people
who don't have a TV.
But also, they get together to watch these things like
as a whole village.
That's one of the two village TVs.
So while we're on this walk,
hopefully you'll see a few other cool things.
And I also wanted to use this opportunity
to give you a quick heads up.
And what this is all about is that very soon,
Udemy is going to ask you to leave a review for this course.
Now I know this course has just started
and it's very early to judge the quality
and value of the course, however the Udemy Review System
has simply changed and they are asking you to leave a review
earlier and earlier on in the course.
Now with that in mind, we are not going to ask you
to leave a 5-star review, but what I would like to ask
is that, if you don't feel that you know the course
well-enough yet to rate it a 5-star course,
then please scroll through the tutorials.
Please have a look at all the different topics
that we cover here.
You will see that we cover 6 different
Deep Learning algorithms.
We cover them in depth from both the practical
and the intuition side of things.
We've got, I think over a dozen hours of content
and over 100 tutorials and hopefully once you see all that,
it will give you the confidence to rate this course
a 5-star course.
If on the other hand, you have some concerns.
You feel that something is wrong with the course,
you feel unsatisfied, then please do let us know
before you write the course.
You can contact the SuperDataScience support team directly
or you can leave us a short message on the course Q and A.
We will get back to you or we fill fix up
whatever the issue is and then get back to you.
And hopefully that will give you the confidence
to rate the course a 5-star course.
Now on that note, if something is wrong,
please do let us know.
But if you're satisfied with everything.
If you're happy about the course,
if you're excited about the journey ahead
and about learning Deep Learning
and you feel that this is a 5-star course,
then please do rate it appropriately
so other people in the world will also know
that this is a 5-star Deep Learning course
and they can learn this topic here confidently.
On that note guys, thanks so much for being part
of Deep Learning A to Z.
Hope you enjoyed our short little walk through Africa
and I look forward to seeing you throughout the tutorials.
Until next time, enjoy Deep Learning.